c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\bin\Debug\Practica Final.exe.config
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\bin\Debug\Practica Final.exe
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\bin\Debug\Practica Final.pdb
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.exe
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.pdb
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm1.resources
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm2.resources
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm3.resources
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm4Kardex.resources
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm5Historial.resources
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm6PMU.resources
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm7MAdmin.resources
c:\users\kawaii\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica Final\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm8MMtro.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\bin\Debug\Practica Final.exe.config
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\bin\Debug\Practica Final.exe
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\bin\Debug\Practica Final.pdb
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm1.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm7MAdmin.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm2.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm3.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm4Kardex.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm5Historial.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm6PMU.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.frm8MMtro.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica_Final.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.exe
C:\Users\Sven\Documents\Projectss\SiDeAl\Practica Final\obj\Debug\Practica Final.pdb
